Ok, so right now:

The test-launch C program I built, that I got from Nvidia's forums (https://forums.developer.nvidia.com/t/jetson-nano-faq/82953) is basically a wrapper around a library made by NVIdia (I think ?) called GStreamer.
This thing is basically like ffmpeg, but actually supports Jetson's HW acceleration.
I want to use it to launch an RTSP Server (Real-Time Streaming Protocol), from which I can then read a video stream using VLC on Windows.

For example, running the command:

./test-launch "videotestsrc ! nvvidconv ! nvv4l2h264enc ! h264parse ! rtph264pay name=pay0 pt=96"

launches said RTSP server on port 8554 (the default), which can then be accessed by connecting VLC to rtsp://192.168.137.2:8554, and it should display a test pattern.
This test pattern is generated by the Jetson and then streamed. That's what the "videotestsrc" in the command represents: it's a virtual video source giving out this test pattern.


The point now is to try and hook up the Realsense camera to this GStreamer. I tried finding a URI for the realsense source, but seems realsense isn't natively supported by GStreamer.
So, we have to install a plugin: https://github.com/WKDSMRT/realsense-gstreamer
This should then allow us to access realsense data by using the *realsensesrc* URI.

Problem is, we're having fucking *build* problems again ! To build this plugin, we have to use meson (https://github.com/mesonbuild/meson/releases), a python-written building framework.
Two issues:
    - The meson version required for the building process is 0.53, but the last one that apt-get obtains is 0.45 (maybe try forcing a version ?)
    - The version we can manually download requires a way newer version of Python3 than the one currently installed on the Jetson
        ==> Btw, we really need to clean up the Jetson's software, especially Python, with new versions of pretty much everything. The default still seems to be Python 2 or Python3.6 !

So, yeah, try and get that plugin working. If all else fails, another independent one might exist at: https://www.aivero.com/2020/03/gstreamer-elements-realsense-open-sourced/
